Fallback to tap prefetch strategy on slow connection (#9092)
withastro/astro: .changeset/neat-mangos-judge.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> Fallback to the `tap` prefetch strategy on slow connection, instead of bailing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the fallback prefetch behavior on slow connections and when data saver mode is enabled. Instead of disabling prefetch entirely, the `tap` strategy will be used.
```
Something like this that indicates this is a change is helpful, I think!

Author: Looks good to me! 🙌

---
'astro': minor
---

#9092 - Fallback to `tap` prefetch strategy on slow connection, instead of bailing.

> #9092 - Add `ignoreSlowConnection` option to prefetch API, which lets manually prefetch even on data saver mode or slow connection.

Reviewer 2: I think you can create two changesets for this. We also usually follow a present tense here, so e.g. this can be splitted as:

```
Fallback to the `tap` prefetch strategy on slow connection, instead of bailing.
```

```
Adds a `ignoreSlowConnection` option to the `prefetch()` API to prefetch even on data saver mode or slow connection.
```

The PR number here is also not needed.
